It's okay, I just don't know myself,
Suddenly I thought,
Are you predestined?
What are you doing?
In this way, you will be with us all waiting for me to look back.
Then it can't be a hundred minutes.
It has been restored for two months
The body is relatively weak
What would it be like if you rest, rest, rest?
I returned my wish
Maybe I've been in the first month, why aren't you still willing to become Hugh?
It's done
But Zhou En said he was not free
Is there anyone else?
enter my room
Why is it such a big door?
Can't you please help me?
The damage to your body is too great. I'll call you.
Then get up and wait for my mother to show up.
Your mother's is still useless
I have solved it
I have found the best doctor in Xinzang
Come and help your mother with the surgery. Don’t worry.
Thank you Tiansa
But I want to find out why Xuhen Chugui is there as soon as possible
Is it true that false hatred pays off?
Half a month ago, you went to save me with false hatred for a month
Now you Miao Lihui, right?
No chance
Give me a chance
Don't be kidding when you give it to me
We will still think about it
Never pursued it before
It's co-produced by me and I'll give you one as a gift soon.
it's me now
I'm all kidding you
It doesn’t matter if you don’t know what you are
Now we have to talk about the company, remember
There can't be anything
You can find a real estate agent
Fuck you kid
She can be in the same room with you as I say
Finally how much
Then it depends on when you will get divorced.
When are you willing to cooperate with me?
Then since you don't want to go to me
I will tell you now
Bring your company into the public eye
Isn't this a joke to you?
You're such a pampered young lady
It’s enough to hear that you’re heartbroken
That's your own
You are yellow and green fire
There are more ghosts if you get higher
Finally I got caught